hello if you are wondering why i'm
speaking so strangely and why I not
moving very much because I have stiff
neck you know stick like you're aroused
in your step it's my neck is aroused I
can't really move that's why I'm Batman
you know what that means I'm Batman if
you have seen the 1989 movie by Tim
Burton you know what I mean it's because
the helmet off Michael Keaton is
somewhat pues into his costume I
thinking that movie snack around that's
why it's called Batman see when I turn
to the left here or is it right no left
I have to do like that see I cannot put
my neck or it with her very very much
if I have to go to the other side I will
do that see I if I have to look up I
will go like that see or you can have
look up look up there or to the right I
will go like that all done like that see
it's very painful
boy
oh whatever they're doing them I'll
oh I have to drink medicine for his I
get my pal
oh oh oh
oh here this empanada Cassie put the
pain
Oh
so why do I insist on making a joke well
I have a scary yeah well everybody who
makes be Joe's know the beading you know
what I mean all of you decide who makes
videos you know what I mean at the time
there's a camera trained on you now you
can't help but rising it it's going to
try right I give you an exile hi I'm
going to the kitchen to get something to
eat I'm from academy and nobody is here
beginning this is spoiled from our
connector loop and this is a bottle of
lemon oh yeah we have these outside
doing a couple hours ago and it tastes
really good hi i am about to go to sleep
hi mmmmmm is in the dry mm I think so we